No more talking.
The company can't accommodate the kind of chicken thief you are.
Have your own book.
General Director
You can't fire me.
I'm the old man of the company.
Director General, give me one more chance.
That's not good.
General Director
What is this?
This is a thank you gift.
You like it?
It's not cheap.
I'll give you the salary.
What do you want to buy?
You won't let me return a hundred million.
What is this watch?
I'm afraid you don't carry such a cheap watch.
Like it
Of course I like it.
It's beautiful.
I'll never forget
The way you were saved.
Me.
As cool as the sea yeah
Never let your parents fire you.
If I was fired by the story
No one in this company wants to hire me anymore.
OK, I'll ask you to first aid, you're out.
You're so selfish.
You're useless.
Even if I protect you.
The story won't keep you long either.
Now they're a fan.
If I get a resignation story
Don't blame me for telling the truth. She was stabbed.
What if you hit him?
I was also in the car.
Don't worry, you're faking another bleed.
If hired to die
Is he still running away with you?
Leave, what's the rush?
Don't worry, I won't let the story take you away.
Do Yeon-yeon and Fang-ming know each other?
When did they get to know each other?